docs(IN-3860): Update integrations-related docs (#7075)
vuestorefront/vue-storefront: docs/content/4.sdk/2.getting-started/2.middleware-module.md

Reviewer: I have a general problem with our Docs - having getting started and configuration/advanced use cases on the same page. Here for example we describe how to setup the `middlewareModule` (in most cases user will have it set up by default) and then we show what are the configuration options (it's something in between the API Reference and the Guide).  Imo it would be good to split it, and then we will be able e.g. in Unified to redirect the user to the page which will describe the advanced concepts of `middlewareModule` - user won't be interested in getting started, because he will already have it set up

Author: As this is a good suggestion, I'd like to keep it this way as that what I feel is the best. @skirianov what is your opinion in here?

# The `middlewareModule`

## Introduction

The `middlewareModule` is an SDK module that ensures communication with the [Server Middleware](/middleware).

## Setup

Depending on which framework you are using, you can get the `middlewareModule` in different ways. However, the setup is always the same.

In Next, `middlewareModule` is available in the `createSdk` function.

> ```ts [Nuxt]

Reviewer 2: It should be Next

    commerce: buildModule(middlewareModule<UnifiedEndpoints>, {
      apiUrl: middlewareUrl + "/commerce",
      defaultRequestConfig: {
        headers: getRequestHeaders(),
      },
    }),
  })
);
```

In Nuxt, `middlewareModule` is available in the `defineSdkConfig` function.

```ts [Nuxt]
// sdk.config.ts
import { UnifiedEndpoints } from "storefront-middleware/types";

export default defineSdkConfig(
  ({ buildModule, middlewareUrl, middlewareModule getRequestHeaders }) => ({
    commerce: buildModule(middlewareModule<UnifiedEndpoints>, {
      apiUrl: middlewareUrl + "/commerce", // SAP Commerce Cloud integration is available at /commerce endpoint
      defaultRequestConfig: {
        headers: getRequestHeaders(),
      },
    })
  })
);
```

You can also import it directly from the `@vue-storefront/sdk` package.

```ts [Other]
import { initSDK, buildModule, middlewareModule } from "@vue-storefront/sdk";
import { UnifiedEndpoints } from "storefront-middleware/types";

export const sdk = initSDK({
  commerce: buildModule(middlewareModule<UnifiedEndpoints>, {
    apiUrl: "http://localhost:8181/commerce",
  }),
});
```

## Configuration

### Type definition

> As the `middlewareModule` could be used to communicate with the Server Middleware and it's not limited to a specific backend, it requires a type definition of the endpoints.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As the `middlewareModule` is used to communicate with the Alokai Middleware and it's not limited to a specific backend, it requires a type definition of the endpoints.
```

The type definition should be provided as a generic type to the `middlewareModule` function.

```ts
type Endpoints = {
  getProduct: ({
    id: string,
  }) => Promise<{ id: string; title: string; description: string }>;
};

const sdk = initSDK({
  commerce: buildModule(middlewareModule<Endpoints>, {
    apiUrl: "http://localhost:8181/commerce",
  }),
});

const product = await sdk.commerce.getProduct({ id: "123" });
```

> In Storefront Starter, you can find the `UnifiedEndpoints` type in `storefront-middleware/types.ts` file. It's a type definition for the endpoints used in the middleware.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In Alokai Storefront, you can find the `UnifiedEndpoints` type in `storefront-middleware/types.ts` file. It's a type definition for the endpoints used in the middleware.
```

> ```ts

Reviewer: In the examples we're using the `initSDK` - maybe we should somehow emphasize that for the Next.js/Nuxt you do it differently. Supporting code snippet also for Next.js and Nuxt will be probably an overkill

Author: Yeah, I'm going to add a note

export const sdk = initSDK({
  commerce: buildModule(middlewareModule<Endpoints>, {
    apiUrl: "http://localhost:8181/commerce",
  }),
});
```

### Options

The `middlewareModule` accepts the following options:

- `apiUrl` - the URL of the middleware server,
- `ssrApiUrl` - (Optional) the URL of the middleware server during SSR,
- `defaultRequestConfig` - (Optional) default request config for each request,
- `httpClient` - (Optional) a custom HTTP client,
- `errorHandler` - (Optional) a custom error handler for HTTP requests.

Example configuration:

```ts
import { initSDK, buildModule, middlewareModule } from "@vue-storefront/sdk";
import { UnifiedEndpoints } from "storefront-middleware/types";

export const sdk = initSDK({
  commerce: buildModule(middlewareModule<UnifiedEndpoints>, {
    apiUrl: "/api/commerce",
    ssrApiUrl: "http://localhost:8181/commerce",
    defaultRequestConfig: {
      headers: {
        "X-Api-Key": "123",
      },
    },
    httpClient: async (url, params, config) => {
      // Custom HTTP client
    },
    errorHandler: ({ error, methodName, url, params, config, httpClient }) => {
      // Custom error handler
    },
  }),
});
```

## Usage

> Once you have added the `middlewareModule` to your SDK, you can use it to make requests to the Server Middleware.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once you have added the `middlewareModule` to your SDK, you can use it to make requests to the Alokai Middleware.
```

```ts
const product = await sdk.commerce.getProduct({ id: "123" });
```

Additionally, each method of this module allows you to pass a custom request configuration. To do it, you need to import `prepareConfig` helper from `@vue-storefront/sdk` package.

```ts
import { prepareConfig } from "@vue-storefront/sdk";

const product = await sdk.commerce.getProduct(
  { id: "123" },
  prepareConfig({
    method: "GET",
    headers: {
      "X-Custom-Header": "123",
    },
  })
);
```

## Examples

### Send a `GET` request

By default, each request is a `POST` request. You can change it by passing a custom request configuration.

```ts
const product = await sdk.commerce.getProduct(
  { id: "123" },
  prepareConfig({
    method: "GET",

>   })

Reviewer: I think we should also update the Caching guide and include the `middlewareModule` there (btw. I remember that we planned to prepare an extension which simplifies setting up the Cache-Control header, do we still want to implement it?)

Author: I heard that this guide and need for such extension is no longer necessary as it's going to be done by Michaels CDN approach.

2. It must include the `Access-Control-Allow-Credentials` response header (more info [here](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Access-Control-Allow-Credentials)),
3. It must throw an `SdkHttpError` if the request fails.

```ts
import axios from "axios";
import { SdkHttpError } from "@vue-storefront/sdk";

export const sdk = initSDK({
  commerce: buildModule(middlewareModule<UnifiedEndpoints>, {
    apiUrl: "http://localhost:8181/commerce",
    httpClient: async (url, params, config) => {
      try {
        const { data } = await axios(url, {
          ...config,
          data: params,
          withCredentials: true, // Includes the `Access-Control-Allow-Credentials` response header
        });

        return data;
      } catch (error: any) {
        throw new SdkHttpError({
          statusCode: error.response?.status || 500,
          message: error.response?.data?.message || error.message,
          cause: error,
        });
      }
    },
  }),
});
```

::: warning
It's important to include the `Access-Control-Allow-Credentials` response header in the custom HTTP client. Otherwise, the cookies won't be sent with the request.
:::

> ### Add a custom error handler

Reviewer: sidenote: we've got a similar guide for SAPCC refresh token
https://github.com/vuestorefront/unified-storefronts/blob/dfcdf703c1bfadf4309493976aee2d57e644947f/docs/content/3.features/5.authentication/9.refresh-token.md#implementing-the-token-refreshing-function

Author: Would be good to have a round through all of the docs and merge simillar pages into one
